# Contents

TODO

- [Conversion Results](#conversion-results)
    + [IfcOpenHouse2x3](#ifcopenhouse2x3)
    + [IfcOpenHouse4](#ifcopenhouse4)

- [Appendix A: Conversion Pipelines](#conversion-results)
    * [WebIFCLoaderPlugin](#webifcloaderplugin)
    * [Community Pipeline #1](#community-pipeline--1)
    * [Community Pipeline #2](#community-pipeline--2)
    * [Enterprise Pipeline #1](#enterprise-pipeline--1)

# Introduction

This project provides a convenient way to test-drive ````xeokit-sdk```` with a bunch of your ````.ifc```` files.

# 1. Install 

````bash
npm install
````

# 2. Configure paths

Next, configure ````./testdriveconfig.json```` to point to where you've installed the [IfcConvert]()
, [xeokit-metadata]()
, [gltf2xkt]() and [xeokit-convert]() CLI tools. We'll assume you've already installed those tools previously.

For example:

````bash
{
  "paths": {
    "IfcConvert": "~/xeokit/tools/IfcConvert-v0.7.0-e508fb4-linux64/IfcConvert",
    "xeokit-metadata": "xeokit-metadata",
    "convert2xkt": "~/xeokit/tools/xeokit-convert/convert2xkt.js",
    "ifc2gltf": "~/xeokit/tools/ifc2gltf-linux/build/Release/ifc2gltf"
  }
}
````

# 4. Add IFC files

Next, drop your ````.ifc```` files in the ````./ifc```` directory.

For example:

````
└── ifc
     ├── Duplex.ifc
     ├── IfcOpenHouse2x3.ifc
     ├── IfcOpenHouse4.ifc
     ├── MAP.ifc
     ├── rac_advanced_sample_project.ifc
     └── rme_advanced_sample_project.ifc
````
# 5. Run script 

Finally, run the script:

````bash
npm run testdrive
````

This might take a while if you have large datasets.

### What's happening

For each of our ````.ifc```` files, the script will convert it to an ````.xkt```` via each of our available conversion
pipeline options.

The ````.xkt```` file format compresses IFC geometry and metadata into a compact binary payload that can be efficiently
transmitted over the Web and viewed in the Browser using a xeokit Viewer.

Each of our conversion pipeline options uses a different combination of open source and/or proprietary CLI tools. Some
CLI tools will create intermediate ````.glb```` and ````.json```` files. See [Pipelines](#pipelines) for more info.

This creates an ````.xkt```` file from each pipeline, along with some intermediate ````.glb```` and ````.json```` files,
as generated by some of the CLI tools.

The [Results](#results) section contains the results of the latest script execution. For each ````.ifc```` model, the
section provides links to view each of the converted ````.xkt```` files in the Browser using a xeokit Viewer.

The Results section also provides links to view the intermediate ````.glb```` and
````.json```` files. This is useful for triangulating issues with conversion or rendering.

The [Pipelines](#pipelines) section provides a description of each of our conversion pipeline options.

# 6. View results

